







Universal Pictures Mexico



















































Estrenos


Tráilers


Comprar boletos



Catálogo


Premieres


Únete al universo de Universal Pictures


Partner

Cinema operators
Press



























Buscar


































Comprar boletos
Sitio oficial














Sinopsis

Más


Información





Fecha de estreno:







Duración: :







Cómprala ahora:







Réntala ahora:







Director:







Elenco:







Clasificación:








Esta película es compatible con















Disponible en























Disponible en























Películas relacionadas














Videos













Videos


Universal Pictures on YouTube













Galería
















Social



Universal Pictures on Tumblr, Instagram & Facebook























































Contact Us





Universal Pictures Int'l UK & Eire


                                        1 Central Saint Giles
                                        
                                        St Giles High Street
                                        
                                        London WC2H 8NU
                                        
                                        Please check our FAQ section where we have addressed many common subjects.
                                        
                                        If your query is not covered by the FAQ please contact us by email:
                                        
                                        For all queries relating to a Home Entertainment product - click here.
                                        
                                        For all queries relating to a film currently in cinemas or a future release - click here.
                                        
                                        Búscanos en redes sociales
                                        
  








FAQ





GENERAL ENQUIRIES?

I want to search for vacancies at Universal UK. How do I apply for a job?
Please visit our careers site here for a list of all vacancies and instructions on how to apply.

DVD ENQUIRIES

How do I get access to non-theatrical film clips for promotional usage?
Our Media Licensing team in L.A. will be able to handle your query. They can be contacted via www.universalclips.com.  Further contact details can be found on their “Contact Us“ page.

I would like to enquire about arranging a non-Theatrical Screening.
Screenings of Universal titles can be licensed at www.filmbank.co.uk. If you require any further assistance with this, there is a ‘Contact Us’ link at the top of their page.

I think I may have purchased a bootleg copy of a DVD or I've found an illegal link to download one of your products online. How can I report this?

If you have any information regarding piracy this should be reported to Crimestoppers using this link  or by calling 0800 555 111. Crimestoppers guarantee you will remain anonymous.

Why do some of your TV series boxsets not have subtitles?
The inclusion of subtitles for the Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing (SDH) is determined on a title-by-title and season-by-season basis, with careful consideration given to the commercial viability of bringing a TV series to the home entertainment market. While we endeavour to include SDH where possible, the costs involved in creating and authoring are calculated on a per-minute basis and unfortunately we are often faced with such prohibitive costs to include SDH that it can limit our capacity to release the product at all. It is Universal's policy to add English subtitles to 100% of our new feature film (non-TV) DVD product.

Why can't I access my DVD⁄Blu-ray digital copy?
Universal Pictures UK sells DVD and Blu-ray discs that are authorised for use only in the UK. The digital copy features included with these products are valid in the UK excluding the Channel Islands, Ireland and Isle of Wight.

I bought a DVD⁄Blu-ray Disc while out of town. How can I exchange it?
Most major retail stores have branches around the world or on the Internet. Generally it is their policy to exchange product bought at other branches of their stores, even if these are overseas. Please contact the retailer for further information on the correct procedure for exchanging goods.

The DVD⁄Blu-ray Disc that I have bought ⁄ have been given is faulty. How can I exchange it for the correct version?
Your sales contract is with the original retailer you purchased your product from so you will need to take it back to them. They will be able to exchange it for the correct product or offer you a refund. Standard procedures are in place for the retailer to return faulty stock to the local manufacturer.

CINEMA RELEASES - ENQUIRIES

I've seen premiere tickets for sale online. How do I check to see if they are legitimate?
Premiere tickets are normally issued directly to guests on a non-transferrable basis and the availability of tickets for sale is highly unlikely. Please contact our UK Publicity Department - click here to notify us of any premiere tickets available for sale and we will investigate further.

A film was shot at a location near me. How can we get involved and help publicise the film?
Please contact our UK Publicity Department - click here. They will be able to advise if there are any opportunities to get involved.

I'm a journalist based in the UK and would like to access images/trailers/clips from a current or upcoming cinema release for my publication.
Please contact our UK Publicity Department - click here clearly stating what you would like to access and outlining how you would like to use the materials. We will endeavor to help you as soon as possible.

I would like to make a submission for a Screenplay idea.
While we appreciate your enthusiasm to be a part of our filmmaking process, unfortunately due to legal and insurance restrictions we have a strict policy prohibiting the acceptance of unsolicited literary, dramatic or musical materials in any form for consideration. Material is only accepted for consideration when submitted by franchised literary agents or motion picture production individuals with whom Universal UK has an established working relationship. Please note: we do not provide contact information for any literary agents or motion picture production individuals with whom Universal UK has an established relationship.

Why do some of Universal UK's films have different release dates to the US?
The process of dating a film for release is based on a number of factors including cinema availability, talent access and competitor releases to name a few. Universal UK always endeavours to find a date that will give the film the best chance of succeeding whilst giving UK audiences the opportunity to see the film as early as possible.

I wish to contact one of your actors⁄directors or get tickets to a premiere.
For obvious reasons we are unable to publicise contact details for anybody involved with our film releases. We do not give away premiere or screening tickets through our website. We often run competitions for premiere tickets on our social channels. We suggest you follow us on Twitter home or like us on Facebook here to stay updated on competitions.







Acerca de





Acerca de




Universal Pictures crea y distribuye entretenimiento para cines y otras plataformas. El catálogo cinematográfico de Universal incluye películas desarrolladas internamente, además de coproducciones, adquisiciones y películas desarrolladas por socios externos y distribuidas por el estudio.
Universal produce, adquiere y distribuye títulos directos a DVD; clásicos del catálogo de Universal; productos de consumo (en todas las categorías tradicionales, así como plataformas interactivas) y produce películas bajo el sello Focus Features. A través de su grupo de producción internacional, el estudio se asocia con compañías cinematográficas internacionales líderes, para hacer y adquirir películas para su lanzamiento comercial o distribución en países específicos. El contenido de Universal se lanza a través de los canales de distribución tradicionales y digitales, incluida la exhibición en cines, entretenimiento físico y electrónico en casa, televisión de paga y abierta, además de los servicios de suscripción on-demand.
Durante casi un siglo, Universal ha sido conocido por su diversa gama de películas, desde clásicos como Tiburón, E.T., la saga Jurassic Park, y Mamma Mia!; pasando por comedias como: Todo Poderoso, Virgen a los 40 y Ligeramente Embarazada; hasta las exitosas sagas: Regreso al Futuro, Los Fockers, Rápidos y furiosos, y Bourne.
A lo largo de los años, Universal ha logrado tanto el reconocimiento del público como de la crítica, con películas ganadoras del Oscar como Expiación, Deseo y Pecado; Bourne: El Ultimatum; King Kong, El Secreto en la Montaña, Ray, Una Mente Extraordinaria, El Pianista y Perdidos en Tokio. Entre las películas más galardonados por la Academia se encuentran:  All Quiet on the Western Front (1930), To Kill a Mockingbird (1962), The Deer Hunter (1978) y La Lista de Schindler (1993). En 2007, Universal agregó a su oferta de contenido familiar a Illumination Entertainment, creadores de la exitosa película: Mi Villano Favorito, que se convirtiera en una de las películas animadas más vistas y taquilleras de los últimos años.

Términos de servicio de YouTube / Política de privacidad de Google
Al usar los Clientes API de YouTube, usted acepta estar sujeto a los Términos de servicio de YouTube y Política de privacidad de Google.




Follow us on
    




















Términos del Servicio
Política de Privacidad
Cookies
NBC Universal
Universal Studios
Supply Chain Values

Acerca de


COPYRIGHT © 2024 UNIVERSAL STUDIOS




Buscar por título o elenco










Catálogo


Todo
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Estrenos
Tráilers
Comprar boletos

Catálogo
Premieres
Newsletter
Instagram
Youtube
Facebook


































































